We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this. And that's when it becomes fun - you don't have to spend your time thinking about what's happening - you just let it happen. Now it's beginning to make a little sense. I want everbody to be happy. That's what it's all about. Everyone is going to see things differently - and that's the way it should be. A beautiful little sunset.

We'll make some happy little bushes here. There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend. Everyone needs a friend. Friends are the most valuable things in the world. You got your heavy coat out yet? It's getting colder. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day.

Without washing the brush, I'm gonna go right into some Van Dyke Brown, some Burnt Umber, and a little bit of Sap Green. Let's make some happy little clouds in our world. Any little thing can be your friend if you let it be. But they're very easily killed. Clouds are delicate. We'll do another happy little painting.

Let's put some happy trees and bushes back in here. Let's put a touch more of the magic here. If it's not what you want - stop and change it. Don't just keep going and expect it will get better. Don't be bashful drop me a line.

And I know you're saying, 'Oh Bob, you've done it this time.' And you may be right. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage. With practice comes confidence. There is immense joy in just watching - watching all the little creatures in nature. Trees live in your fan brush, but you have to scare them out.

Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you. It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky? If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. A tree cannot be straight if it has a crooked trunk. You've got to learn to fight the temptation to resist these things. Just let them happen.

Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. How to paint. That's easy. What to paint. That's much harder. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other side now. All kinds of happy little splashes.

Isn't that fantastic that you can create an almighty tree that fast? It's so important to do something every day that will make you happy. All you have to do is let your imagination go wild. We artists are a different breed of people. We're a happy bunch.

If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is. God gave you this gift of imagination. Use it. A big strong tree needs big strong roots. Fluff that up.

Trees grow however makes them happy. This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play. As trees get older they lose their chlorophyll. We don't have to be committed. We are just playing here. Let's put some happy little clouds in our world. Don't fight it, use what happens.

The first step to doing anything is to believe you can do it. See it finished in your mind before you ever start. Play with the angles. Van Dyke Brown is a very nice brown, it's almost like a chocolate brown. We'll put a happy little sky in here.

I'm gonna add just a tiny little amount of Prussian Blue. And right there you got an almighty cloud. We'll throw some old gray clouds in here just sneaking around and having fun. You can do anything your heart can imagine. You want your tree to have some character. Make it special. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul.

I like to beat the brush. I was blessed with a very steady hand; and it comes in very handy when you're doing these little delicate things. Let's get crazy. Painting should do one thing. It should put happiness in your heart.

We have all at one time or another mixed some mud. That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel good when you paint. There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which way works best for you. We'll have a super time.

Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy. This is the fun part Even trees need a friend. We all need friends. Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy. Do an almighty painting with us.

There is no right or wrong - as long as it makes you happy and doesn't hurt anyone. I get carried away with this brush cleaning. Be brave. Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. Everybody needs a friend. We need dark in order to show light.

Get tough with it, get strong. Automatically, all of these beautiful, beautiful things will happen. Just think about these things in your mind - then bring them into your world. Just make a decision and let it go. Put your feelings into it, your heart, it's your world.

There are no mistakes. You can fix anything that happens. Isn't that fantastic that you can make whole mountains in minutes? Now, we're going to fluff this cloud. We spend so much of our life looking - but never seeing. Even the worst thing we can do here is good. You are only limited by your imagination.

All you have to learn here is how to have fun. No pressure. Just relax and watch it happen. Let all these things just sort of happen. See there, told you that would be easy. Take your time. Speed will come later.

You better get your coat out, this is going to be a cold painting. Imagination is the key to painting. Let that brush dance around there and play. By now you should be quite happy about what's happening here. We have a fantastic little sky! Let your imagination be your guide.

This is the way you take out your flustrations. And maybe, maybe, maybe... Now then, let's play. You can create the world you want to see and be a part of. You have that power. The least little bit can do so much.

